Technical Design Document Template
---
Name: Wyatt Dillhyon
Date Created: 11/11/2024
---
Program Description:
The program deals a set of five cards from a standard deck of cards, and allows the user to replace any of the cards once.
---
Logical Steps:
1. Define the Card class giving each card a suit and value
2. Define the Deck class containing 52 cards and commands to deal and draw
3. Combine the card and deck class so they refer to each other
4. Use shuffle method to randomize each card
5. Allow deck to deal a random card
6. Allow deck to draw a random card
7. Display the hand of cards to the user.
8. Set the function to deal five cards, request a redeal, and display the new cards
9. Run the poker_game function
---
Variables:
suits: A list of the four suits in a deck of cards.
values: A list of the values in a deck of cards.
value: Stores the value of a specific card.
suit: Stores the suit of a specific card.
cards: A list containing all the cards in a deck, created from the combination of suits and values.
deck: Represents the deck of cards, which is shuffled and used to deal or draw cards.
hand: A list of cards dealt to the player, representing their current hand in the game.
user_input: A string containing the player's input for which cards to replace.
indices_to_replace: A list of integers indicating which cards in the hand the player wants to replace.
index: A loop variable used to iterate over the indices of the cards to be replaced.
new_card: Represents a single card drawn from the deck to replace an existing card in the hand.
---
Functions:
Function Name: shuffle
Description: Shuffles the deck in a random order
Parameters: None
Returns: None

Function Name: deal
Description: Deals specific number of cards
Parameters: Restricted by specific amount of cards
Returns: List of cards

Function Name: draw
Description: Draws a specific number of cards
Parameters: Can only draw one card at a time
Returns: Defined card

Function Name: print_hand
Description: Print the users initial hand
Parameters: List of users cards
Returns: None

Function Name: poker_game
Description: Deals five cards, asks for redeal, the displays new cards
Parameters: None
Returns: None

---
https://github.com/PlayerEcho/COP2373
